White's dead body!
My goodness!
This was not
in my tarot reading for today.
Kind of metal. though.
Ow!
Ah.
Whoa!
What are you gonna
do about this?
Uh. me?
Why me?
You're the captain.
Oh. uh. yeah. Of course.
I'm the captain.
- We should call MIRA.
- The comms are down.
Remember the serious
but kind of sexy robot voice?
Oh. uh...
Non-emergency meeting.
This is your captain speaking.
There is no need for alarm.
Where's Blue?
- Yeah. where's Blue?
- We love Blue.
I trust Blue more
than any of ya.
- but trust is a construct.
- If only there was
someone smart and capable
with impeccable bone structure
who could take charge.
Subtitle Sync by: Aren Zohrabi
I'm here.
Yeah.
- Great. What else?
- Yeah.
Oh. God.
It never gets any easier.
Well. technically.
it should be easier
'cause you're only lifting
half the weight.
Now. hold on there.
We can't have just everyone
hanging around MedBay.
If you're gonna hang around.
you should. uh.
hang around the cafeteria.
At least until we sort this out.
Until I sort this out.
I'm the captain.
The dead have stories to tell.
but they have to give everything
up to finally be heard.
It's a standard
liability waiver.
They were definitely going to
sign it after the pizza party.
Probably. Don't worry about it.
This is just
a normal accident. right?
Hey. this kind of thing happens
all the time.
Folks splitting mysteriously
in twain?
No. mysterious twain-splitting
is actually quite rare.
I'll have to run some intensive
tests to find out what happened.
I thought leaving the worm farm
would get me away
from horrible
equipment manglings.
That was no equipment mangling.
if you ask me.
I've seen all kinds
of workplace injuries.
and that was something else.
Definitely something else.
I hear ya. big dog.
Rumor has it White took
the steering wheel from Green.
It's Green's lifelong dream.
Just couldn't handle it.
They snapped! It drove 'em
into crazy bloodlust.
- Hmm.
I never considered that.
- Sure...
I don't have lust for anything.
least of all blood.
Where did you hear
this provocative rumor?
Well. I started it.
I just thought it'd be funny.
And it is.
I still think
it's probably true.
I see.
So. um. is White dead?
Yes. White is very dead.
- Oh. no.
- Fun reminder.
Death is a preexisting condition
not covered
by MIRA health insurance.
I'm worried about something
bigger than death.
Demotion?
In this case. I'm referring
to a pink organic residue
found on the two halves
of White's body.
Mm. yes.
I believe that's called...
bluud.
Yes. that could explain it.
but that's not exactly
what I'm talking about
right now. sport.
I think we need to scan
all of the crewmates
to see
if we can find the origin.
Maybe it was something
White brought on board.
but if it was something
they picked up on the ship.
then the crew might be
in danger.
That sounds like
it could cause a lot of panic.
How would that reflect
on my leadership?
- Poorly.
- Well. I don't like that.
The alternative is
we do nothing. which could mean
that more crewmates suffer
horrible and graphic deaths.
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
Hmm. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. No. no. no.
Uh. hmm. Hmm.
No. no. I'll take care of this.
Hello. everyone.
This is your captain speaking.
I. with minimal help from Blue.
have finished my initial study
of the situation
and determined
everything is completely fine.
White passed away peacefully
from a mysterious
industrial accident.
- Bless the stars.
- It's good to know.
LIME
That's what they want you
to think.
But you all must report
to MedBay for mandatory
and possibly invasive
body scans.
What? Oh.
That doesn't sound very natural.
Well. I just got mine.
and I feel totally great.
So. th-that's all you're going
to tell us about White?
Who?
Oh. uh. uh. n-no. no. no.
Uh. privacy laws.
bureaucracy. something.
something. something.
blah. blah. blah. blah. blah.
No way in hell I'm gonna be
scanned. documented.
and registered
in my government name.
If you want to have photons
blasted into your bone
until you pick up radio waves.
be my guest.
but I'm keeping this body
a temple.
Still don't like it.
but Brown and I already made
the deductible
on our union insurance. so go
hog wild with the tests. baby!
Union.
- Who's in your union?
- Just me and Brown.
You're married?
No. No one's married here.
No one is ever getting married.
All of you lonely.
unmarried crewmates.
get back to your tasks.
Speaking of lonely.
where's Purple?
Uh. okay. okay...
Hey! Working hard
or hardly working?
I can't find
any footage of White.
Like I told you earlier.
these cameras don't record.
They're only in black and white.
They're completely useless.
Yo. Purple. you're up next!
Scan time!
- Scan?
- A possibly invasive
body scan.
Uh. fine.
I'll just drop
everything I'm doing.
Since nobody else here cares
about the safety of the crew.
why should I?
I won't know
what I'm dealing with
until I can develop and compare
everyone's scans.
Is it disease?
A new bacteria?
An unknown mutation?
Until I know that every crewmate
on this ship is safe.
I won't sleep a wink.
Swoon!
Is-is this okay?
I can stand stiller.
I can stand really still.
You're doing just fine.
Thanks.
I'm just nervous.
To be honest. sometimes it feels
like I shouldn't even be here.
Where else would you be?
Back at home. Farming?
I mean. how am I supposed to go
from assistant worm herder
to unpaid spaceship intern
to paid heroic captain?
We all take different paths.
My first doctorate was in
the history of elegiac poetry.
Once I understood
the beauty of life.
I decided to pursue medicine
so I could also save it.
Trust your heart.
It will never steer you wrong.
Swoon.
Oh. no. Some ore got cracked.
We'll have to contain
the energy.
Uh. I'll need salt
to make a circle.
and I think
my crystal kit has some--
Wrong kind of energy.
It's just fuel.
What are you doing here?
Just here to check on our crew.
the most valuable resource
we have!
Well. after the Ore-Plus.
And the raw materials
of the ship.
And this clipboard.
So-so I just want to make sure
you two are
emotionally taken care of.
So you can physically take care
of the product.
Huh?
I'm sorry. I'm looking.
but I can't find Lime anywhere.
Black.
can you get scanned instead
so I don't get yelled at?
Wow. your equipment is so new.
All MIRA gave me is a crappy
microscope I have no use for.
I find that many of the sciences
are underfunded.
Everyone wants to give money
to some abstract concept
of "innovation."
but they rarely want
to put in the work and financing
towards a better understanding
of our world.
BLACK
Swoon.
I hope your scanner
can see through my aura.
It's pretty dark today.
I'm sure you don't believe
in all that.
Quite the contrary.
While my job
is to heal the physical.
I think it's just as important
to heal the soul.
Healing travels
across many planes.
Swoon.
I hate to be a stickler.
but have you taken care of--
The 422 pages of paperwork
I've already notarized?
- What a dreamboat.
- Um. what a dreamboat.
CYAN and ORANGE:
Swoon...!
Now for Lime.
I hate to compromise my ethics
by fooling a patient. but...
And now it's time to look
a gremlin right in the eye!
Don't do it!
You'll fall in love!
You scared it away.
Thank you for saving me.
You're welcome.
Love and peace. big dog.
While I have you here.
would you mind taking your scan?
You can't scan me!
I know my rights!
That machine will steal my DNA.
sell it to marauders
and they'll use it
as a map to my organs!
Now. I'll be the first to admit
that the medical community
has a lot to apologize for.
I'm sorry. Lime.
Lime. I know you have
your personal beliefs.
but this is bigger
than you or me.
I really need a scan
of every crewmate.
I know it's hard
to open your heart to trust
in this crazy. mixed-up world.
Just this once...
can you trust me?
Fine! Swoon. swoon. swoon!
But I'm watching you shred
my scans when you're finished.
We'll do it...
together.
Hour 26.
I normally advocate for
a healthy work-and-life balance
for my patients.
but extraordinary circumstances
require
extraordinary sacrifices.
Hmm. There's something
I must be missing.
Crewmates don't just
mysteriously split in twain.
And with
that pink organic residue.
I have a hard time
believing it to be
a normal workplace accident.
I just need...
Okay. Okay.
This is normal. This is...
Wait.
What's this?
Uh...
"And. lo. the knowledge
of thy sin be found.
the curse of blessing
leaves the loss profound."
Keybot. Keybot. Keybot. Keybot.
Chirp.